Update installation docs for zip and new database management. (#915)
opendcs/opendcs: docs/source/start-software.rst

Alternatively the following link goes straight to the releasese page: https://github.com/opendcs/opendcs/releases 
For each release, there is a drop down menu "Assets", and in that section download the (opendcs-installer-#.#.#.jar).

.. image:: ./media/start/software/im-02-releases.png
   :alt: github releases - example of version to retrieve
   :width: 800

Once the archive file is downloaded. Install it by extracting the contents to an appropriate location.

How do I install the archive?
=========================

Linux
-----

.. code-block:: bash

    mkdir -p /opt/opendcs/main-nightly
    cd /opt/opendcs/main-nightly
    curl -O -L https://github.com/opendcs/opendcs/releases/download/main-nightly/opendcs-main-nightly.tar
    tar -xf opendcs-main-nightly.tar

Windows
-------

For windows:

> 1. Create an approrpiate directory, such as `C:\programs\opendcs\main-nightly`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an appropriate directory, such as `C:\programs\opendcs\main-nightly`
```

2. Extract the contents of the archive to this directory.

.. WARNING::

   OpenDCS does not support or recommend "updates-in-place". `main-nightly` is used here for convenience.
   If you will be regularly testing nightly builds either name the folder with the current date or

>    simply delete the existing folder. Configuration is now stored automatically in the user directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   simply delete the existing folder. Configuration is stored in the user directory, separate from the install directory.
```
